How do you feel about Meta training on Facebook's public data?
    - 🙀
    - day one assumption
    - Not so great. Goodbye, Zuckerberg 3.0. Feels like Zuck 1 is back at the wheel, just like old times. 😒 What's next ? Our public images and profile pics ?
    - Curious if the data will actually be relevant.  All the people I know post stuff about their personal lives/beliefs/families and how would that type of data be relevant for a llm?  Obviously if they parse through it cool but that's a ton of filtering, no?
    - Logically, there's nothing wrong with training on public data... But man did they present the benefits terribly.

Not to say that it won't produce benefit for people.

And you could make your profile private if you want to.
I am going crazy... Does anybody know what the new ChatGPT auto thingy is that I see on the main page?
Altman. An abomination creating an abomination. Who would have thought.  😂
487 Kirlin Camp
Erich Rapids
Reid Ville
6810 Dominic Stravenue
I love ai, but.... making art & videogames with Ai is an exercise in futility, why put so much effort into something that will be perceived as less than worthless in the marketplace? Meaning, not only is there no monetary value, its got negative cultural value, & would ruin the company faking skill. I think there could be some useful ai tools in the devs toolchest, but to pass it all off means there are no tools, there are no creatives, theres nothing of value at all, except what was stolen to produce the model. Lawyers will do well, but nobody else. Dont make your firm a pinata for lawyers by trying to fake it to make it. Do the real thing, create value in the marketplace, in the economy, then you'll create abundance.
571 Murphy Common
Wow, such many Huge AI News, wow

Wow, such many surprised Thumbnail faces, wow
I am happy that Meta is using their data for Lamma because it is Open Source. Like giving the people back their investments
What a great show, packed with insights from someone with their finger on the pulse. liked and subscribed.
NotebookLM podcast functionality is incredibly amazing!!! One of the best techs I've seen in years. I uploaded old boring books to it and it gave me a whole new perspective on the subject. Try uploading something you have trouble understanding and see the magic happen.
Gae gen O is complète bullcrap, it is just a video generator trained on games
I am starting to feel the AGI now.
a use case for notebooklm? ditch school entirely.

think of voices you really enjoy, having conversations about the topics you need to learn.
tweak sprinkling of side notes and fun facts, that are part of that topic.
add a storyboard and extend to videos.

now think of a history class you can watch; with ppl dressed like in acient rome wandering the streets, telling you about whats happening in year xyz; add cesars, let dem buy bread with that very coins they had, … layering context upon context upon context. something will stick to your brain. 

some school buddy might like other personas and voices, there might be slight variations in side notes. the basic topic stays the same.

and change how tests are held. open answers. if someone remembers better how bread was made or how the money looked like, while others prefer names of public figures… both gained a deeper understanding of that topic.

my imagination could run in circles like a ludicrous scientist, when it comes to those kind of things.
Right because we all love reading the research paper instead of listening to a podcast of it ..
Jesus is God & He loves you

Jesus will soon be seen by all men, women, and children in the clouds. Jesus is returning now! Believe and be saved.

Exodus 3:14 (God speaking)
And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you.

John 8:58 (Jesus speaking)
Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.

John 10:30 (Jesus speaking)
I and my Father are one.

Isaiah 9:6
For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, *The everlasting Father,* The Prince of Peace.

Matthew 1:23
Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, *God with us.*

John 1:1 & 14
1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
14 And the Word was made flesh (Lord Jesus), and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

John 8:24 (Jesus speaking)
I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.

John 14:9 (Jesus speaking)
Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father?

Hebrews 1:1-3, & 8 (God calls His Son "O God" because Jesus IS God in the flesh)
1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,
2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;
3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;
8 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.

1 John 5:7
For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.

Titus 2:13
Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;

Revelation 1:7
Behold, he cometh with clouds; *and every eye shall see him,* and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.

Isaiah 44:6 (God speaking)
Thus saith the LORD the King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.

Revelation 1:8 (Jesus speaking)
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, *the Almighty.*

Revelation 22:13 (Jesus speaking)
I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.

---

There Are None Righteous / How To Be Saved

Romans 3:10 & 23
10 As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:
23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;

Luke 5:31-32 (Jesus speaking)
31 And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick.
32 I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.

1 Peter 3:18 (The word “quicken” means “to make alive”)
For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:

Romans 10:9
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.

Acts 4:12
Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.

Ephesians 2:8-9
8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.

Repent of your sins or suffer the consequences. Lord Jesus died in our places personally to take the death punishment that sin deserves and then resurrected by the power of God. Believe this and sincerely repent of your sins each time you sin and you will have eternal life and nothing to fear. Fail to repent and you will end up in the Lake of Fire.
13:22 it says you can upload multiple documents correct? I see this as a podcast based off of several docs that will hopefully be engaging.
who cares? it is like Sora coming soon LOL :) Dont assume! Just bring news which matter now, thx
NotebookLM is a games charger
If you have a baby, you know how much good text to podcast app will be useful when your hands are full and you don't have time to sit an read. Go audio!
I dont think o1 is a "raw model"
Curious to see, how the Klarna Story will play out. How easy will it be really for enterprises to get independent from SaaS providers? Same logic applies to anything related coding, data science, consulting and research, to name a few.
Yes please on mistral video!
I heard peanut butter is around the corner
Huge AI News = Huge scame!
Thanks for the NotebookLLM Audio show.  Didn't know it was available...thanks!  It is a solution to my niche problem.
In all of this, I am most excited by this LWM thing
Maggio Place
For weird or niche categories, being an auditory learner makes it tough. Having something turn a research paper into something I can listen to sounds very interesting
GameGen looks like garbage
too much time on your hands !
This canel is OMFG! Every day!
Give the first letter of each word in Sam Altman's message to Claude, who says says:
Alright, let's work on decoding this anagram. We have the following letters to work with:
ILBHITMTNSISBEFTWCTRSTASG
And we know that "STRAWBERRIES" is likely to be part of the solution. Let's start by removing those letters from our pool:
Remaining letters after removing STRAWBERRIES:
ILHIMTNSIBFTWCTG
Now, let's try to form words related to AI models or technology releases with these remaining letters. We'll do this step-by-step:

"GPT" is a common term in AI, and we have those letters: GPT
Remaining: ILHIMNSIBFWCT
"WILL" can be formed: WILL
Remaining: HIMNSBFCT
"BRING" can be formed: BRING
Remaining: HMFCT
"FIFTH" can be formed: FIFTH
Remaining: MC

Now, let's put it all together:
STRAWBERRIES WILL BRING GPT FIFTH

not 100% accurate, but there is definitely something there, o1 may be able to do a much better job.
This is not how you pronounce Geralt of Rivia
the aplication for generated podcasts is when you're doing something else with your eyes or you're not just sitting down so u can listen to it while you're doing other things like running, working out, drawing, general chores , etc ( or was this just a bait to make people comment? smart .... )
Well what’s strange is Orion has already been high in sky. Big Dipper has Orion’s Belt in it the three main stars of constellation
Its funny when I use copilot in excel it says I'm not signed in, when I'm literally signed in - with my picture and email at the top. I cancelled my copilot pro - they need to do better.
NotebookLM's podcast's use case? It's pretty damn fun... That's all I need.
Please test Pixtral
Klarna is not going to replace Workday with an AI-written alternative because that is totally impossible. 

Many AI talking heads talk about how AI can easily write software. Sure it can, if the software is some simple dinky thing like a Tetris clone with minimal functionality and absolutely barebones UI. And it often fails to do this without compiler errors.

If you're saying you think spicy autocorrect is currently able to write a program (repository) with tens of thousands of lines of code, get good and functional results, and be able to add arbitrary features to it, and make many more such repositories, and make them all function and interoperate correctly, then you have a LOT to learn about how Workday or any other large application works.

Maybe in a few years. In fact, I expect that stuff to happen late in this decade... but for now, all you're going to get, code wise, are parlour tricks. That's why you see graphs with how AI does with various coding challenges. A coding challenge is like one word, whereas a complex enterprise system with 1M+ lines of in-house code is like an encyclopedia. Those two things simply aren't the same.
Grad students at gym or just outdoor can benefit for the podcast created by NotebookLM about 1 (or more!) recent papers. Custom newsletters for teachers, my friend. So cool!
i used notebookLM with a few books and i say that it doesn't really work for novels since there is much information and they just talk about highlights. It works best with self improvement books that provide for you a framework like atomic habits etc. It works so well you forget it's AI
please make a video about the mixtral model, check how well it extracts text
e11 or ell?
looks like eLL not e11 look at the import
This is so lame.
I've been using NotebookLM's audio feature, and it works wonders! In my opinion, it's one of the best real-world applications of LLMs. We all have tons of personal data that could help us thrive, and unleashing an LLM on it can be transformative. It helps us stay on top of information by effectively summarizing details and adding world knowledge for deeper perspective. I spend a lot of time on YouTube and podcasts for entertainment, and if I could have a podcast generated from my own sources, I'd love that. NotebookLM does exactly that!
New question to add to your tests easy for humans but none of the LLMs can solve: 
Assume each step is equal and straight:
From a standing position, I take one step RIGHT, 
one step UP, one step LEFT, one step DOWN
two steps UP, one step RIGHT, one step DOWN

My friend takes, one step RIGHT, one step UP,
one step LEFT, one step RIGHT, one step UP
one step LEFT. 
What is the sum of the numbers formed by me and my friend?
ever thought maybe these aren't cryptic and he generally likes being home in the mid west?
I came for the huge news, thats the last time I will fall for that trick on this channel.
E11 is ELL (the font makes it less clear).
    - My bad hehe
    - Easier to tell with the font at 8:40.
So we're on the verge of being able to use AI to create a realistic simulation of a world environment. 
How much longer before we can create realistic simulations that perfectly replicate the real world. 
How much longer beyond THAT before the people living in that simulation truly believe they're living in "the real world"...?!?       🤔
Why people complain about their public data being used I don't get it. Everybody loves their public data being shared don't they? I mean why did they posted it in the first place then?
Regular oracle at Delphi , ain’t he ?
Where did you find more information on #Klarna ‘rewriting their entire tech stack’? As I don’t think they’re trying to recreate this #SaaS solutions themselves, but using ‘new’ technologies and standardization of data, information and processes to render the ‘classic’ software obsolete.
All I heard for a while was Claude, Claude, Claude, everyone jumping ship trying to jump back, shouldve kept preparing for what was coming
Did Microsoft sponsor this video? 🤨
Can pixtral 12B model read the table structre from the image  of bank statement and return the table fromat ?
Mostly  table trsnforemrs , Donut ...  including phi3 vision models are getting failed 
Great hopes from Pixtral 12B models . Will be helpful if you create a videoo on this
14:19 o1 preview scoring at the same level as Sonet 3.5 on ARC is brutal.
You barely touched NotebookLM's capabilities. Give it a good look. It's a revolutionary product.
    - Yep! Google #NotebookLM is becoming something like #OpenAI’s GPTs, #ClaudeAI Projects or their own #Gemini Gems, but on steroids. On the input side it can use Drive documents and files, and now they really start to showcase multimodality on the output side.
do a test on the new mistrial vision model.
we will get gpt-5 before we get gta 6
AI will affect integrations
Your videos are informative. Thank you
DJI has a lot if data to think about
I like your AI update vids the most out of all the folks I follow. You do your own testing. You get straight to the point. You chuck in an opinion if needed, but otherwise just tell the story and move on. There's no fluff or waffle. Excellent channel. Keep up the good work.
The AI hype machine continues apace. Altman is a carnival barker.
It appears the main target for his tweet are investors in the upcoming funding round. The o1-preview still can’t count the letters in a word. Here’s an easy to find example:

ChatGPT 01-preview 
©
List 10 countries with only 2 occurrences of a in their name
Thought for 23 seconds v
Here are 10 countries that have exactly two occurrences of the letter "a" in their names:
1. ﻿﻿﻿Algeria
2. ﻿﻿﻿Angola
3. ﻿﻿﻿Argentina
4. ﻿﻿﻿Armenia
5. ﻿﻿﻿Belarus
6. ﻿﻿﻿Colombia
7. ﻿﻿﻿Denmark
8. ﻿﻿﻿Iran
9. ﻿﻿﻿Iraq
10. ﻿﻿﻿﻿Japan 

OpenAI is tuning for benchmarks, not solving underlying architectural issues.
The AI hype machine continues apace. Altman is a carnival barker. It appears the main target for his tweet are investors in the upcoming funding round. The o1-preview still can’t count the letters in a word. Here’s an easy to find example:

ChatGPT 01-preview 
©
List 10 countries with only 2 occurrences of a in their name
Thought for 23 seconds v
Here are 10 countries that have exactly two occurrences of the letter "a" in their names:
1. ﻿﻿﻿Algeria
2. ﻿﻿﻿Angola
3. ﻿﻿﻿Argentina
4. ﻿﻿﻿Armenia
5. ﻿﻿﻿Belarus
6. ﻿﻿﻿Colombia
7. ﻿﻿﻿Denmark
8. ﻿﻿﻿Iran
9. ﻿﻿﻿Iraq
10. ﻿﻿﻿﻿Japan 

OpenAI is tuning for benchmarks, not solving underlying architectural issues.
Wow, soon we'll have the multiverse
Some people have a learning preference where discussing the material helps them understand it better.
o1 is great at technical stuff, but it is way dumber than GPT 4 at interpersonal/human like traits. Could it be that they just used that compute to teach it more technical stuff, along with implementing the "Thinking" feature and there's no breakthrough discovery behind it. It is just like a robot now.
Agentfprce is comming from salesforce 12:04
Very nice updates hugeeeeeee
    - Microsoft office one
chatGPT is getting way too woke for me
Please test the Ministral vision model
anyone know where to find out more about e11? My googlefu is failing
🎉 enjoyed
Matthew: We need an LLM specialist in CE Marking new products.  Any ideas where we might find one?
People's posts are high quality data?
Maybe we don't use the same Facebook.
    - “Uh, sir, the good news is that Llama AI has achieved sentience. The bad news is that its reasoning seems to map perfectly to your racist old uncle with dementia.”
lol big news
13:12 Go back to 12:50. Fact checking purposes. Blocking or shadow banning X podcast from YouTube no longer suffices.
I'd give The Zuck my data in exchange for Open Sourced models.

All the other companies do it anyway, just keep the models private.
OMG I hate meta so much
Sam Altman only uses lowercase, it’s because he’s an anti-capitalist :P
the NotebookLM is kind of a strange way to learn but I love it. Thanks for sharing
Huge AI news huh?
As a College Librarian, I've thought NotebookLM was incredible for education since it was released last year. The Audio Overview feature takes it up another level.
Usually I come here for news, but today it's more like olds.
GameGen-O and the future physics sandbox framework will be where AGI coming through. LLM will be a mere topping on the top.
Bro Altman thinks he’s the Riddler
Lower case is not part of a specific pattern for launches; all of his posts are in lower case.
i hope copilot add dark mode bro
my eyes burn when i use it 😂
replacing the entire excel syntax with python would be so beautiful
I can see adding my name in the NotebookLM podcast, as if the characters are speaking directly to me, would help me keep focus.  I typically zone out when I listen to them so I stopped listen to them.
Copilot = 1 user, ‎£296.40‎ user/year + a subscription to m365 @ £12 a month plus
Microsoft 365 Copilot‎ for these apps is a paid add on and does not come for free in a new microsoft 365 account. I just joined up and spent several hours trying to get this working, to my grerat frustration. So now I just gave that creep more of my information and have an account that is pretty worthless. I will be cancelling the monthly trial.

1 user, ‎£296.40‎ user/year
£296.40
subtotal
Added to your total yearly subscription cost, plus applicable taxes
Couldn’t care less about Microsoft’s AI because it’s garbage
Microsoft can go F itself with copilot. Its pricing model is for the wealthy and businesses only - they are committed to increasing the opportunity gap between the Rich and poor in the name of profit.
All this excitement about what Sam Altman is saying has got me rearranging my sock draw.
